---
layout: post
title:  "Third General Meeting"
date:   2016-10-10 18:00:00
excerpt: "discussed competitions, looked at hardware, talking about training"
---

## Cyberinfrastructure Association

### Meeting Agenda

1. Call to Order: 6:13 p.m. 

2. Roll Call
 * Officers present: Matthew Whitlock (President),  Patrick McDonald (VP), Brandon White (Treasurer), Cameron Mehmken (Membership Chair), Christian Griffith (Marketing Chair)
 * Total Present: 10  

3. Open Issues:        
   1. Membership Fees  
    * Reviewed wording for by-laws, merged pull request since last voted on 
    
    
4. New Business  
   1. Cluster discussion
   * Brandon created a spreadsheet to compare specs
   * Orange Pi's brought up as an option - a little more expensive but possibly more capable (also less documentation = could be more fun)

   2. Creation of "Teams" 
   * Software and Hardware Team Leaders were voted on to be created last meeting
   * Elections done on Slack as a possibility - also looking at poll conductors, forms, etc.
   * Leaders don't need to be experts but need to be committed and organized, willing to ask and learn, and keep their teams on task
   * Software Leader could help guide "Virtual Machine Cluster"
      * Get the virtual machine running without having to wait for hardware

   3. Training Sessions  
   * New User Training 
   * Software Carpentry workshops
   * Polls for content & dates
   
   4. Competitions
   * Too late for SC16, look at putting an "Oklahoma team" together for SC17 or SC18
   * SC cluster competitions involve: 48 hours, need vendors
   * Tulsa Competition - April 2017
      * One day, need SD cards, programming involved - look at vendors
  
5. Adjournment - 6:50 p.m.
