---
layout: post
title:  "Fourth General Meeting"
date:   2017-02-08 18:00:00
excerpt: "Announcements, determined focus for the semester, discussed funding and outreach"
---

## Cyberinfrastructure Association  

### Meeting Minutes  

**4:03** Call to order  

**4:03** Overview of software and hardware meetings  
 * One or two per month each  
 * Software  
   * Working toward solving Tulsa competition code  
   * Learning MPI  
 * Hardware  
   * We'll be using a loaned RPi cluster for now.  
   * Will be doing a tour of Cowboy for members new to supercomputering

**4:05** Tulsa Competition  
 * We can use Dr. Brunson's Raspberry Pi cluster  
 * Barring unforeseeable events, we will be able to attend the competition  

**4:06** Club sponsorship  
 * Looking at CEAT Student Council for sponsor  
   * Required bi-weekly meetings  
   * Must provide service hours as club (E.G. At least one member)  

**4:07** Discuss Events  
 * Meet and greet  
   * Would probably want to get some funding (people like these more with food)  
   * Looking at doing something like a game night w/ food and occasional breaks for info regarding supercomputing etc.  
 * MPI Training session  
   * We welcome members from software team to come as helpers  
   * Like a "new user training" - fairly basic  
   * Being developed by Software Team Leader, who will be working with Phillip from HPC class  
   
**4:09** Scheduling  
 * Option one:  
   * 1st week - general meeting   
   * 2nd week - software meeting  
   * 3rd week - hardware meeting  
   * 4th week - event/officer meeting  
 * Option two:  
   * Biweekly general meetings which breakout into hardware and software team meetings  
   * Benefit: We're not dragging people out for 5 minutes if we don't have a lot to discuss at the general meeting  
   * Detriment: People would have to choose hardware or software, since they're going at the same time  
**Option two chosen** after short discussion  

**4:13** Goals and Focus for the semester
 * Software team
   1. Learn the basics of MPI
   2. Code for the Tulsa competition
   3. Find code challenges online and complete them using parallel coding
 * Hardware Team Goals
   1. Learn methods for internally connecting the cluster
   2. Learn how to install the OS and basic necessary programs
   3. Learn how to install and use administrative programs - schedulers, assignment, etc
 *Club focus for the semester
   1. Learning
   2. Growth
   3. Competitions
   * Agreed that competitions and teaching events will spur growth, so focus on those for now

**4:18** Funding
 * Due to a mixup, not eligible to apply for AFAP funding
   * Potentially able to get some funding from them after we become eligible by another process
 * Can still apply for SGA co-sponsorship events
 * Fundraising
   * Benefit nights in restuarants (Not reliably funding, but potentially good for outreach)
   * Sporting events (Low pay to help with concession stands etc.)
   * Penny wars (?) or selling things (not available to us really)
 *Discussion: If we get money, do we use it now or save it for next semester when we also have other resources for funding?
   * Save it for next semester - people are less likely to join mid-semester
 
**4:25** Competition
 * Do we want to host a competition?
 * We could start with internal competitions this semester, instead of trying to get a larger one going
   * Gives us some practice runs with less pressure, plus more time to schedule and plan a larger one.
 * We could potentially enlist the German SC16 team in one competition via webstreaming or other
   * Tons of learning opportunity from a more established group

**4:29** Closing statements
 * Meeting in two weeks
 * Will have hardware and software meetings that week
 * Call to fill out doodle poll if interested in software/Tulsa competition
 
**4:30** Meeting Adjourned

**4:30** Meeting re-opened
   
**4:30** Develop quote of "what we are"
 * "The Cyberinfrastructure Associationâ€™s goal is guiding educational and networking opportunities for OSU students interested in 
 Cyberinfrastructure and High-Performance Computing. "

**4:35** April 12th Conference
 * Conference on how groups use computers/technology to improve their research
 * Can lead a student breakout session on how student clubs use tech
   * Would gather some other clubs to speak as well, we would just lead the event

**4:41** Business School Outreach
 * MSIS
 * A lot of them deal with big data
 * Marketting chair will look into getting some contacts for informing students about events etc.
 
**4:45** Meeting adjourned
